`scarb check` docs (#1099)
software-mansion/scarb: website/docs/guides/working-on-an-existing-package.md

```

This will fetch all the dependencies and then build them, along with the package.

> You might want to simply check the package and all of its dependencies for errors without performing the last step of generating Sierra files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You might want to simply check the package and all of its dependencies for errors without performing the final step of output files generation.
```
Not always sierra
